what a stealthy
laptop oh it's upside down I'm sorry MSI
you sponsored this video and I'll be
gentle from now on let's put the laptop
aside for a second and see what we get
in the box of the MSI stealth a16 AI
Plus in here we have our power brick
which is good for 240 Watts which is
delivered over this proprietary charger
I'm not a huge fan of that but at the
same time that is on the absolute limits
of USB type-c and this will be more
efficient in here we also have our quick
start guide which tells you connect to
power and turn it on in many different
languages well I know it's called the
stealth but in the top down you just
can't even see it it's just a monolith
there if I turn it a tiny bit oh there's
the MSI logo no gamer stuff here today
just pure stealth on this magnesium
alloy chassis which
is decently light let's see looking at
the weight here it comes in at 2.1 kg or
4.6 lb and given the power of this thing
that is pretty darn good spoilers it has
a 4070 in it this is definitely the kind
of laptop that you can fool your boss
into thinking is professional and very
nice when an actual fact it's a gaming
laptop in disguise
but the secret is though a good gaming
laptop and a good workstation same thing
no one has to know the
difference okay let's have a look here
the chassis is really quite sturdy I can
push if I like really send it right
below the space bar you can see a little
bit of flex but the Magnesium aloy
chassis very stiff as we
expect panels got a tiny bit of movement
but nothing out of the ordinary does
it okay it doesn't bounce doesn't bounce
too bad very good oh is it matte you
guys didn't tell me this was a matte
display I love it here we also have a
healthy amount of IO so we've got
headphone microphone combo Jack USB 4 a
usba and also our power inputs right
there hopping over to the left side we
have ethernet 2.5 confirmed it's 2.5 h2i
2.1 and another USB type A nothing on
the back nope just heat sink
all right let's hit it
here that's really antil climatic with
no RGB on the keyboard I think I can
enable some oh there we
go the first thing that I've noticed
while booting this up is that the screen
is
fanastic in the sense that it's not
trying to do more than it needs to so
many displays are just completely
oversaturated overdone this right here
is just Pleasant it's the matte finish
we have 600 nits of of peak brightness
and also 16x
10600 piece so it's like 1440 but just a
little bit taller so that you can fit
more stuff onto your laptop and it's
just an aspect ratio that makes way more
sense in a laptop form factor
H this keyboard might not
suck the keyboard I think is fine you
will be able to get up to full speed on
it and I was able to type without making
a whole lot of errors but it is
certainly not a satisfying experience
the consistency key to key is not super
high so it isn't going to allow you to
like absolutely shred like on some other
laptops but that's said I don't think
it's going to actively hold you back and
for gaming in particular it's going to
be just fine what's actually good though
is the trackpad that's below it they
haven't done anything super fancy like
you don't get a force touch trackpad but
it is just a very simple large trackpad
that takes except all of the available
space that they have there it has a real
nice soft sort of click like it's not
very loud but it's nice and responsive
it more than does the job all right
let's have a look at our specs here for
the CPU we have an AMD ryzen AI 9 365
which has 10 cores 20 threads and goes
up to 5 GHz boost we also have 32 GB of
RAM at 7500 megat transfers per second a
terab of storage from WD Wi-Fi 7 from
Qualcomm love to see that we also have
our GPU which is an Nvidia RTX 470 the 8
GB version and of course we have an npu
this one's good for 50 tops so you can
do all of your co-pilot plus things that
you want to do have paint generate
images and fun things like that what I
do actually like is that they have
intelligent switching of your modes of
the laptop something like 90% of people
from data that I have seen will never
change the mode of their laptop so it
will be a huge benefit to them to have
this changing between an office mode
where it's really quiet and cool and has
long battery and then automatically
switching into a gaming mode for when
you actually need that sort of power all
of that's just taken care of through
msi's AI
engine ooh the spatial of the audio is
pretty good that F1 car sounded like it
went from like here all the way over to
there all right how many FPS do you guys
think we're going to get I'm say 110
okay so it looks like we're getting
about 90 FPS here sometimes it goes up
to 100 but I think that makes sense we
are screen recording this and labs in
their Labs testing were able to get 110
FPS out of this so it all just about
lines up and I would say that I am
having really quite a good time 240 HZ
display even if you're not getting all
of those frames looks pretty freaking
good when you're gaming on it oh I just
got fastest lap and since I've have
asserted my dominance I think that we
can call it there thank you to whoever
just dropped something one one sec one
sec one sec you hear that that is both
not very loud and an incredibly good
quality to those fans cuz you can have
fans that are not particularly loud but
if it's a really annoying not
particularly loud sound it's it's still
annoying this right here was just a nice
whoosh you won't really hear it cuz it's
not just quiet but it's
nice okay let's see how the speakers are
in here we have the D audio system which
has two pairs of force cancelling
wolfers and two tweeters and I'm
guessing it's perfectly fine it seems
like spatially it is doing a really good
job like this sounds super wide like
it's laptop something like this big but
at the same time
it sounds very tinny we're not getting a
whole lot on the low end it's very high
but let's see at the drop
[Music]
here okay it's it's all
right that's nothing exceptional though
I want to see if there are some controls
though let's see if what happens if I
just turn audio effects
[Music]
off hm
that's
uh you want the effects to stay on that
is for sure you turn them off and it
sounds like it's this big and a tin
can yeah leave that
on oh man does this have that thing too
easy surround a I really like this
feature we're not going to show it off
right now but you can have a Bluetooth
speaker that just like goes behind your
head or pairs to add more speakers to
your laptop setup which is actually
pretty sick cuz you can very easily have
like a janky surround sound setup from
just Bluetooth speakers that you have
laying around your house and it's pretty
awesome all right how is this webcam
it's looking not too bad I did hear the
microphone earlier and it seemed like it
wasn't so good but you can be the judge
of that let's move this around it seems
to be doing a pretty decent job I'm a
little bit blown out here and it's
definitely grainy but at the same time
this is some pretty challenging lighting
as I move around between shadows and
super bright Studio lighting it is
making me very red which I don't think I
am in
person a little bit a little bit not
like that though I think that this
webcam gets a it's perfectly fine but
what makes it very good is that we have
Windows hello facial recognition up here
and if that doesn't recognize you we
also have a fingerprint reader down here
and the combo of those two is is my
absolute favorite cuz maybe you're in
harsh lighting and your windows hello
doesn't work just fingerprint it maybe
you have gloves on and you can't use
your fingerprint wow your face worked
the two together is great just like
taking apart laptops is great all right
7 Phillips head screws and a lot of
patience and prying later we are in and
there is a lot to like in here in
particular this
99.99 wat battery you can put a maximum
of 100 W hours on a plane so they got in
just under that and it's good for 8
hours and 30 minutes according to our
Labs which is fantastic for a gaming
laptop or not a gaming laptop a
professional laptop such as this one
that is very powerful as for upgrade
ability we have a Wi-Fi card right here
that can be swapped out if you want to
go to Wi-Fi 10 in the future or whatever
it ends up being we also have an empty
SSD slot right here which I love to see
but unfortunately the ram is soldered
down with the speeds that it's going at
7500 megat transfers per second you
cannot currently get sodm that are that
fast so I can see the tradeoff of not
allowing you to upgrade it but it is
still a little bit unfortunate what's
not unfortunate though is the cooling
system in here we have five heat pipes
two fans and as you heard it is pretty
good at being silent and of course below
those heat pipes is the GPU and if you
have been looking at nvidia's market
price at all it is good for AI lots of
people think it's good for AI it can do
things like Photoshop and blender and
just generally be very fast overall I
have to say this is quite a solid
package heaps of power heaps of well
power but in battery form and the price
is actually not too bad this thing comes
in at
$2,000 at Best Buy and you can check
that out at the link down below and if
you don't want to check it out there's
also a whole slew of other laptops that
Ms I makes Creator Prestige and Summit
and also thank you very much for
watching this video hit like get
subscribed and just have a great old day
I'll see you later